# Replication Package – *Mixed Effects by Design? EU Biofuels and the Foreign Spillovers of Hybrid Climate Governance*

This package contains the data and R code used to replicate the empirical results reported in the paper:

## Structure

All files are placed in a flat directory. The contents of this package include:

- `analysis.R` — Main R script to replicate all empirical results and figures.
- `bonsucro_data.xls` — Cleaned dataset used in the analysis.
- `br_inpe_prodes_municipio_bioma.gz` — Data on deforestation in Brazil. 
- `session_info.txt` — Software environment information for reproducibility.
- `outputs/` — Plots generated by the analysis.
<<<<<<< HEAD
- `weights.do` — Stata file to replicate the Kernel weights used in the DiD estimations.
=======
- `weights.do` — Stata dofile to create weights for analysis.
>>>>>>> dab4ce25b36e43c9b26a0c993d34514a9451cdf8

## How to Run the Replication

To install the required R packages, run `install_packages.R` before executing the replication script.
To replicate the weights, run `weights.do` before executing the replication script.

1. Open R or RStudio.
2. Set the working directory to the folder where this `README.md` is located (i.e., the root of the replication package).
3. Open and execute the script `analysis.R`.

The script will:

- Load all required packages
- Read the main `.xls` dataset and the `.gz` deforestation dataset
- Perform all estimations
- Reproduce the figures and estimates reported in the paper

All code uses relative paths and requires no internet connection or access to external databases.

## Required R Packages

The analysis depends on the following R packages:

- `did`
- `tidyverse`
- `readxl`
- `panelView`
- `broom`
- `ggplot2`
- `hrbrthemes`

You can install them with:

```r
install.packages(c("did", "tidyverse", "readxl", "panelView", "broom", "ggplot2", "hrbrthemes"))
